docs(mcp-server): Add Goose setup tab with OAuth instructions [GRAPHAI-417] (#35935)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/bits_ai/mcp_server/setup.md

[3]: /getting_started/site/
{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab "Goose" %}}

> Point your AI agent to the MCP Server endpoint for your regional [Datadog site][3]. For the correct instructions, use the **Datadog Site** selector on the right side of this documentation page to select your site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Point your AI agent to the MCP Server endpoint for your regional [Datadog site][3]. For the correct instructions, use the {{< ui >}}Datadog Site{{< /ui >}} selector on the right side of this documentation page to select your site.
```

{{< site-region region="us,us3,us5,eu,ap1,ap2" >}}
Selected endpoint ({{< region-param key="dd_site_name" >}}): <code>{{< region-param key="mcp_server_endpoint" >}}</code>.

> 1. One-click install (recommended): Use this {{< region-param key="goose_mcp_install_deeplink" link="true" text="deeplink" >}} to add the Datadog MCP Server to Goose.

Reviewer: Steps 1 and 2 are alternatives, not sequential steps. Also: "the selected endpoint shown above" uses directional language (which we try to avoid), and "for future updates" is vague.

```suggestion
1. Add the Datadog MCP Server to Goose using one of the following methods:
   - **One-click install (recommended):** Use the Datadog MCP Server {{< region-param key="goose_mcp_install_deeplink" link="true" text="install deeplink" >}}.
   - **Manual configuration:** Follow Goose's [Add an MCP server][2] instructions, using the endpoint listed in this section as the Streamable HTTP server URL. To edit the configuration directly, modify `~/.config/goose/config.yaml`.
```

1. Alternatively, follow Goose's [Add an MCP server][2] instructions. Use the selected endpoint shown above as the remote Streamable HTTP server URL. You can also modify Goose's config directly for future updates at `~/.config/goose/config.yaml`.

1. To enable [product-specific tools][1], include the `toolsets` query parameter at the end of the endpoint URL. For example, this URL enables _only_ APM and LLM Observability tools (use `toolsets=all` to enable all generally available toolsets, best for clients that support tool filtering):

    <pre><code>{{< region-param key="mcp_server_endpoint" >}}?toolsets=apm,llmobs</code></pre>

> 1. The first time you open a session with this extension activated, you are prompted to choose your Datadog account.

Reviewer: Per AI readability: avoid opening with the ambiguous "this extension." Also, this step reads as descriptive ("you are prompted to...") while the others are imperative — making it parallel.

```suggestion
1. On first session launch, choose your Datadog account when prompted to authenticate.
```
